You can also set document metadata using the PDDocumentInformation class.
I've added this setDocumentInformation method and loaded the
product catalog document in it. Now it's just a matter of
getting the DocumentInformation object from it by calling the
getDocumentInformation method.
Now you can set the properties one by one, calling the setter
methods, Author, Title, Subject, and Keywords, and to set the
create and modified date, create a Calendar object, passing it
setCreationDate and the ModificationDate.
Let's also set some custom metadata values this time. For these,
there's the setCustomMetadataValue method to which you can pass in the
fieldName. Let's say we want to say the Website with a value like this
and Email with a value like this. Now, save the document and call the
method in the main class.
Note that I'm going to comment out the call to setXMPMetadata method that we
wrote earlier so that I can be sure it is the setDocumentInformation method
that's adding the metadata to the document this time.
Now run it, and you can see the properties set in the document like
this. You can see the custom metadata values that you set if you check
the Custom tab here. So that's how you can work with document metadata of a PDF document in PDFBox.